# TRACKR
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/_v_Rk44sjDA>
#### Description:
TRACKR is built using FLASK, Javascript, Python, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap. The modules used are CS50,re,json,datetime,werkzeug,flask,flask_session. It's a personal academic tracker that will work for the students of Islamic University of Technology, a Subsidiary Organ of OIC since it's designed in accordance with the grading system of this university. There are 4 quizes throughout the semester out of which best 3 marks are taken, 1 midterm exam and the semester final examination. Total mark for single credit hour courses is 100. Here's the list of pages with their functionalities -

    Register: A student can register with an ID, password,name and the subjects he wants to track with their corresponding credit hours in the register page. He can add as many subjects as wants. Cautionary measures such as lack of any input in the input fields will lead to apology page which was taken from CS50's Finance. Same will happen if someone doesn't provide credit hours for all the subjects , They are all stored in the database . For the password, only the hash is stored

    Add Marks : This page contains three input fields namely subject,exam, marks. Once registered anyone can choose among the subjects they registered with and provide marks for quiz1,quiz2,quiz3,quiz4,midterm as input in this page.After providing necessary input, one can click on the submit button the inputs will be stored in the database tracker.db .The input fields have been set to required to prevent noneType inputs

    Missing Attendance : This page is dedicated to taking input from the users incase he or she missed any attendance in any particular course. Note that when anyone submits missing attendance multiple times for a single course, they will be added with the previous ones not replaced. Once someone has crossed certain threshold the tracker will send precaution messages to the index page as missing 6 attendances in a single course through out the semester results in termination from the semester final or midterm exam. Missing more than 3 attendances result in deduction in marks for attendance. So the warning will begin to show in the index page after 2 attendances have already been missed as precaution. The missing attendance will be stored in the database

    Add/Remove Subjects: Since a student might accidently register with erronious subjects, he or she might want to remove it and add the correct one. This page exactly works for that .The list of subject already added appear with remove button attached and there's input field for adding newer subject with corresponding credit. One might remove the subjects already added or add newer subjects. This will also help when a student advances on to the next semester and register for new subjects and remove the obsolete ones.

    TODO: This page is dedicated to making a simple to-do list with time limit. Once a to-do is inputted, it will be added in the database. It will also appear under the input fields with tick mark box attached to it and due date. Clicking on the tick mark will result in marking the to-do as done and remove it from the page and database.

    Goals: This page is very much similar to TODO in appearence as well as functionality except there's no tick mark attached to the goals and you can add multiple goal at the same time. Since Goals are long term, completion feature wasn't added. List of Goals given as input with corresponding time limits will also appear here.

    Index: This is where every input given comes back together. The page cotains on big table which is divided into two columns- The bigger one on the left for displaying the marks in all of the exams and current missing attendance for each subject and the smaller one on the right for attendance alert, TO-DOs, Goals. The marks section also displays required marks for A+ in each subject. As metioned before, best 3 quiz marks are taken out of the 4 taken. The program automatically calculates the sum of the best 3 quizes and midterm and finds the required marks for A+ corresponding to the credit hour of the course. All of this are shown in a table for each subject in the Marks column . So the number of tables is the number of subjects. The first part of the second column shows the alerts related to attendance for each subjects if there's any. The second part displays the TO-DO list with due dates in a table. The third section displays the same for Current Goals.

    Change Password : As the name suggests, this page is for changing password if one wants to . It takes the id,old password and new password as input from the users and replace the hash of previous password with the hash of the new one.
